



I had a great weekend. On Friday afternoon, I finished work at 5 PM. I went home and took a shower. Then I went to see a couple of my friends at a bar downtown. 

We had a couple of beers and a nice talk. 

Tom told us about his new job, and Jim told us about his new girlfriend. After a while, we went to a restaurant and had pizza. I went to bed late that night, but I was very happy.

On Saturday morning I went running in the park. I ran 5 kilometers, and then came home.

After that, I met my girlfriend for lunch. We went to a Thai restaurant near my house. I love Thai food!

I spent the evening with my girlfriend, watching TV on the sofa.

The next day, I got up and caught the train to my parents’ town. I usually go to see my parents on Sundays, at least twice a month.

My mom usually makes a roast, and we go for a walk in the park or in the country after lunch.

This weekend was a bit different, though. My parents took me out for a nice lunch, because it was my birthday. After lunch, we took a walk (as usual) and then I caught the train back to London.

Now it’s Monday and I’m back at work, but I’ve got big plans for next weekend!

Si quieres más, véase Bob’s life in London o bien otro texto en pasado simple dentro de mi curso de inglés básico.

Y para más sobre el pasado, echa un vistazo a la lista de verbos irregulares.

De momento, seguimos con otro texto sobre la familia…

Si quieres repasar antes, tengo un artículo sobre miembros de la familia.

Shawn’s family is not very big. His mother and father live in a flat in London. His



father works in an insurance company, and his mother is a nurse. Shawn shares a flat with two friends and works in a restaurant. He has two sisters, Lucy and Millie, who live together in Southampton.

Shawn has a girlfriend, and Lucy has a boyfriend, but Millie is single.

Shawn’s girlfriend’s name is Maria, and she’s Italian. He’s in love with her, and with her dog. He loves going for a walk with Maria and her dog.




At weekends, Lucy and Millie come to London and the whole family has lunch together. Sometimes one of their aunts or uncles come, too.

Shawn’s grandparents are very old, and they live in a small cottage in Plymouth. They’re his mother’s parents. His father’s parents died years ago. Shawn’s grandparents are retired, and spend most of their time gardening, walking and having tea with their friends.

A few times a year, Shawn goes to spend some time with his grandparents. His grandmother makes excellent fruit pies. Sometimes, his cousins come, too, and they all have a great time.

Este texto también se puede escuchar aquí: texto sobre la familia en inglés.

Seguimos, con un texto que utiliza muchas expresiones con el verbo get.


Yesterday I got up at 8:30 in the morning. After I made some coffee, I got dressed and went to the bank because I had to pay the rent. The bank is only a couple blocks away, so I got there in a few minutes. There wasn’t a long line when I got in, so I paid the rent and left.

Afterwards I went to the butcher’s to get some meat. I also stopped at the market to get some tomatoes. I wanted to make pasta. When I got home I wrote a couple of emails. 

After a while I started getting hungry, so I decided to get to work on lunch. I put the tomatoes in a pot to cook with the meat, and I put some water on to boil.

After a while the water got hot and I put in the pasta. I cooked it for a few minutes and then sat down to eat.

After lunch, I drank some more coffee and then got ready for work. It takes me about 20 minutes to get to work from where I live. 

I was at work for a few hours, on Fridays I only give 2 classes.

I got off work at 8:30 and went to my girlfriend’s house. We went to drink a beer in her neighborhood. I was getting very hungry, so when I got home I made some fried eggs. After that I did some reading and went to sleep.

The end.



Ahora mismo no tengo más textos en inglés, pero los pondré aquí cuando los escriba.

De momento, piensa en comprar mi libros de la serie Inglés Básico 3, que contienen muchos sencillos textos y audios para aprender puntos importantes de la gramática y el vocabulario – tiempos verbales, phrasal verbs y mucho más.

También recomiendo (si tienes más nivel) The Times in Plain English. Y si estás para empezar con libros adaptados o novelas completas, tengo un artículo en mi otra página: ¿Qué libro debería leer?

Buen aprendizaje,

Daniel.